feat: Allow org admins to set default workflow configs (#2020)
webrecorder/browsertrix: docs/user-guide/org-settings.md

The Org Settings page is only available to organization admins. It can be found in the main navigation menu.

## General

> This tab lets you change the organization's name and URL identifier. Both of these must not be in use by any other orgs.

Author: I like that this is reworded @Shrinks99 I think we could go a step further in editing this, since there's no way for users to know what the other orgs are currently, and so we don't give them a success path to pair with this warning. Something like:

`Change your organization's name and URL identifier in this tab. Choose an org name that's unique and memorable, like the name of your company or organization. Org name and URLs are unique to each Browsertrix instance (for example, on browsertrix.com) and you may be asked to change the org name if either are already in use by another org.`

Also, documentation best practices usually calls for an active voice, which we employ for the most part. Instead of "This tab lets you ..." I believe we should opt for a more humanist and user-centered "Change org name ...".

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/webrecorder/browsertrix/pull/2020/commits/27361672dcb79c68d9e0427fb18e877e12b5a165

View and manage your org's current payment plan and associated quotas. Usage history statistics for previous months are shown here to better inform your plan and quota requirements.

> ## Crawl Workflows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Crawling Defaults
```

> Set default suggested settings for all new crawl workflows in this tab. When creating a new workflow, org members will see the form pre-filled with default values. Org members can still change or remove these settings when configuring the workflow. Removing a default setting will revert the setting back to Browsertrix defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set default suggested settings for all new crawl workflows. When creating a new workflow, org members will see the form pre-filled with these default values. Org members can still change or remove these settings when configuring the workflow. Removing a default setting will revert the setting back to Browsertrix' defaults.
```

This tab displays an org's current payment plan and associated quotas along with usage history statistics for previous months.

## Crawl Workflows

> This tab lets admins change the default suggested values for new crawl workflows. These defaults are not enforced and users can set their own values, or revert them back to the server-set defaults and limits.

Author: Similar feedback here, for more user-centered docs in active voice, with less punitive language (e.g. "not enforced"):

`Set and update default suggested settings for new crawl workflows. When creating a new workflow, org members will see that the form is pre-filled with default values. Org members can still change or remove these settings when configuring the workflow. Removing a default setting will revert the setting back to Browsertrix defaults.`

Also, I don't think we need to mention that they're not enforced since we say upfront that they're suggested.
